hi guys has been heath here from lead
guru and in this video I'm going to show
you how to increase your average
customer value now your average customer
value is a really important metric it's
a really important number and for anyone
looking to generate leads and sales
online who's running online advertising
campaigns you need to keep track of
average customer value because it
dictates how much you can afford to pay
to acquire a customer let me give you an
example let's say that for your one of
your competitors their average customer
value is a hundred pounds over a
customer's lifetime they will spend a
hundred pounds on their products or
services now if your average customer
value in the same industry if you can
increase that to two hundred pounds if
you can have twice the average customer
value that they have that means that you
can go into the online advertising
spaces you can go into Facebook and
Google and you can afford to outbid them
for advertising space because customers
are worth more to you now of course you
know you've strapped late that over time
that means you're going to beat out your
competition and you'll never be in that
situation where you're going oh I cannot
afford to run Facebook ad campaigns or
Google ad campaigns because it's too
expensive by increasing your average
customer value it becomes a lot easier
to advertise online and your campaigns
become a lot more profitable now you can
increase your average customer value by
getting people to pay more for your
products or services and that's
obviously a way that could work well but
if you're in an industry where there's a
lot of competition your customers are
perhaps quite price sensitive that's
obviously not going to work you're gonna
end up with far fewer customers and
that's not gonna work out for you
instead what you should be doing to
increase your average customer value is
using upsells now an upsell is simply a
product or service an offer that you
make to people immediately after they
have just bought something from you and
this is the best time to say to someone
hey would you like to buy this or would
you like to add this to your order
because they've just bought one of your
products or services they've obviously
decided that what you produce what you
offer is something that are interested
in and if you can say hey there's this
thing that's related to it whether it's
a product or service or there's this
other thing that'll help you get that
faster or whatever it is a lot of people
are going to go yes I will add that to
my order and this could make a massive
difference to your average customer
value of course you can upsell your
customers a few days after their initial
purchase you know you could email them
or hit them with
targeting campaigns on Facebook to get
them to buy more of your products or
services once they've already purchased
one but that's not the best way to do it
the absolute best way to do it is to
catch them immediately after they've
bought that initial product so before
they hit the Thank You page they buy on
the sales page before they you know they
go through the checkout process before
they hit the Thank You page right in
there you want to hit them with your
upsell office you want to ideally you'd
have more than one you might have all
the way up to let's say three upsell
offers soon as they buy something you go
would you like to buy this and would you
like to buy this as well and would you
like to buy this and that's a really
effective way because because they just
bought they're really excited about you
and your brand and that's when you're
most likely to catch them now you might
be thinking that this will sounds good
but it sounds very technical and how am
I going to set this up this all sounds
very complicated well there's a really
really simple way to set this up and to
achieve this and that's to use some
software called Sam cart there are there
a bunch of different options out there
in the market but Sam kite is a favorite
that's the one that I use and that's the
one that I would recommend they they
make it really easy for you to put in
those upsell offers you don't need to
know any code you can use their
templates it works really well now if
you want to check out Sam cart you can
click on the link in the video
description below that'll take you
through to Stan cart I think they're
their entry-level offering is just $19 a
month not very expensive and I should
mention that I am a Sam cart affiliate
so if you do go through and make a
purchase through sankar then I will
receive a commission and but whether I
did or didn't I would recommend Sam cart
anyway I've used a bunch of the
different options that are available for
simple checkout solutions and Sam carts
my favorite that's the one that I use
that's the one that I'd recommend and no
matter which piece of software you use
the most important thing is that you do
use something and you do have these
upsells included because it could double
triple your average customer value and
as we covered at the beginning that
means it's going to be so much easier
for your online advertising campaigns to
be profitable and of course you know if
each customer is spending two or three
times as much money with you because
they've bought a series of upsells
that's going to make a massive
difference to your bottom line and the
last thing I'll quickly mention is son
carts one-click upsells now we've
discussed that the best time to offer an
upsell is immediately after someone has
just bought something from you that's
when you want to hit them with the
upsell now it's you're getting even
better results an even better response
rate and conversion rate if you can use
what's called one clip click upsells now
the way that works is
when someone buys something from you buy
something on your website they obviously
have to enter in their contact
information their card details in order
to make that purchase now if you don't
have one click up sales in place on the
upsell page if they want to buy that
offer they will then have to re-enter
all their information you know that's a
bit annoying they've just entered it
especially if you've got a number of
upsells that people are interested in
buying with one-click upsells that
information is very temporarily you know
this there's no security issue for this
but very temporarily held there can't
details their contact information and
that means that they can just add your
upsell offers to that their order and
they can pay for it just by clicking one
button click the Add to Cart button or
by now button or whatever it is and that
makes a massive difference because
people don't want to have to fill out
information again and they might go oh
you know what I'm not that bothered not
worth it they'll click off and you won't
make that extra sell you know I mean the
obvious example of this is Amazon Amazon
or who's done this they've got one-click
ordering and you can add things really
easy button they fantastic add upsells
and cross-sells and all that sort of
stuff the one-click upsell feature in
Sam can't really really recommend that
you do use it and that's how you
increase your average customer value
which you now know is a really important
metric it's quite simple to simple
process simply offer more products and
services to your customers immediately
after they make a purchase get them to
buy more stuff from you and you'll see a
huge difference in your in your revenue
you'll see a huge difference in the
profitability of your online advertising
campaigns now just we go there's
something I want to quickly mention that
I think you'll be very interested in and
that's my five-part Facebook ad template
which you can download right now for
free and this template includes some of
the best performing outside created for
a number of different clients and a
number of different industries and as I
said you can download it right now for
free all you need to do is click on the
second link in the video description
below that'll take you through to my
website and you will be able to download
it there as I said it's free you can
obviously model from the ads you should
find it really really useful so I want
you the best of luck with your online
advertising campaigns and your upsell
finals in particular and I'll talk to
you soon guys bye
you